can we Brazil it's a real
back to basics for this sport that has
leads the whole world do you think that
this will bring a dimension
particular the competition if yes
which
not necessarily anyway a cut
of the world in brazil will be different from
all that of all that all
players have lived until now
because it's quite special because
that because maybe it's
call anyway such a football
but maybe it's still broken
visit all that and I feel more
close to precisely those of this game
so unfortunately for me because
they did not participate
even bernard if this pastor like gimone
unfortunately for us we would have
loved but but it will be a show a
great show and the robot with
a lot of interest after a brilliant
career the players you chose to
you reconvert in the trades
drive
what did you learn the most
your life as a player and you
want to send you today to
your turn simply shares it
because me when I look at my
career why I made football
it's because it's because
it was a collective sport I
play soccer because I was with
buddies and it's just sharing
mans who does it matter to me today is that
I stopped my career as a player
come back to that
to what I have in the heart concept to
part I give you my guts and I
meaning that I can convey that's it
differently what I learned then
today it is more certainly more
complicated because it's all over
do the same job but I still
this faith and this desire to transmit
to all the young people who come to dream
is free the reality has learned as
that player and especially as
coach
that inspires you with this dream quote
free yes finally I did I did
all my life all my childhood I dreamed
precisely to make a career
professional
I am well behaved I managed to
achieve goals that have been
just hard to throw young
but by dint of bond work and
seriously you arrive at the mercy of
mountains and the goal in fact it takes
you have to believe it to believe in your
dreams
and when you feel like screen and me
I work with determination we
got to do a lot of guys a good
courage to you young people
in brazil and enjoy the moment have fun
you and I will tell you very soon the
farrowing